Key points from Instructions for Authors:
https://carnegiemnh.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/08/CMNH-PUBLICATIONS-AUTHORS-GUIDE-6-Jan-2010.pdf

DONE	The overall publication size is 8½ x 11 inches [US Letter].

DONE	The standard text and image area of each page is 171 by 220 mm (486 by 624 points or 6¾ x 8 2/3 inches).

DONE	All manuscripts must be set in 12 point font, double-spaced, and in standard 8½ x 11 format.

DONE	All pages should be numbered including tables, literature cited, and figure captions.

DONE	Inclusion of commas only in numbers containing five or more digits.

DONE	Preceding decimal points with a numeral (a zero if number less than one).

DONE	Writing out numerals from zero to ten, and ordinals from first to tenth.

DONE	Dropping periods from standard abbreviations for time (yr, mo, wk, d, hr, sec) and dimension (km, m, cm, mm, cc, kg, g, mg);

DONE	Not italicizing selected, commonplace, abbreviations for Latin expressions (i.e., [include comma], e.g., [include comma], ca., cf., vs., etc., per se, et al.);

DONE	The title page should contain the title (all caps), names(s) of author(s), and a running head of no more than 55 characters that will be printed at the top of each right hand page.

DONE	Title should state the subject matter as briefly as possible including the animal or plant group involved.

DONE	Provide up to eight keywords following the Abstract that are not redundant with words in the title, listed alphabetically.

DONE	Level 1 headings: Format in all capital letters, centered (use for Abstract, Introduction, and main text headings).

DONE	Level 2 headings: Centered, initial capital letters and the rest lower-case.

DONE	Reference citation in the text is as follow: (Wible 2000) or (Wible and Rawlins 2001) or (Wible et al. 2002).

DONE	Figure Captions [...] individual sections can be described following their appropriate letters, each section punctuated by a semicolon. [Caption part letters are in bold.]

DONE	Lists of institutional names or acronyms (limited to those used in text or tables) may be presented as appendices as an alternative to presenting them at the end of the Introduction or Methods sections. [So, implicitly, placing them at the end of the Introduction is fine.]

DONE	Please note the following important, but frequently overlooked conventions [in references].
DONE		1. Spell out names of periodicals.
DONE		2. Include parenthetically the number of the issue in a citation, especially when the periodical in question is not paginated continuously throughout a single volume.
DONE		3. Include the last name and initials of all authors of each reference, i.e., do not use "et al." in the Literature Cited.
DONE		4. The names of all authors ultimately are published using capitals and small capitals. Submit them using capitals and lower-case letters, but remove spaces between initials. For example, "Rawlins, J.E." not "Rawlins, J. E."
DONE		5. Include a comma between the penultimate author’s name and the word "and" in a list of authors.
DONE		6. Include a comma between the periodical name and the volume number.
DONE		7. Do not include a space between the colon following the volume number and the pages.
DONE		8. Spell out names of states and countries for publishers of books.

NO	All senior authors must sign a copyright transfer form prior to publication that assigns all literary rights to CMNH. Forms will be sent with proofs.

NO	Articles should include the following items in this order:
		title page
		abstract
		text (with desired headings, see below)
			Introduction
			Materials and Methods
			Results or Descriptions
			Discussion
		acknowledgments
		literature cited
		tables
		appendices
		figure captions
		illustrations

NO	Manuscript should be set with a minimal amount of formatting needed to distinguish parts of the content (i.e., paragraph indents, centered headings, use of bold and italic type). Refrain from using elaborate formatting features such as bullets or numbering systems, underlined text, or style sheets.

NO	Where possible, the primary subdivisions consistent with those used in most scientific journals should be used. For analytical works of non-taxonomic nature, these are:
		Introduction
		Materials and Methods
		Results or Descriptions
		Discussion
		Acknowledgments
		Literature Cited

NO	Lists of institutional acronyms are properly listed at the end of the Materials and Methods. [But see below]

NO	Level 3 headings: Flush left, initial capitals and lower-case, follow with period and two hyphens, and run into text. [LibreOffice cannot make paragraph text follow that of the heading on the same line.]

NO	Color files must be submitted in CMYK mode.

DONE	CMNH employees’ affiliation should include title at CMNH, followed by complete mailing address; CMNH research associates should include that title and CMNH section. Non-CMNH employees’ affiliation should include complete mailing address. All authors should include e-mail addresses.

XXX	Authors should submit the names, addresses, phone and fax numbers, and e-mail addresses of at least three qualified potential (non-CMNH) reviewers for each manuscript.

XXX	Refer to the most recent issues of the Annals for examples of illustration and caption sizes and placement, standard text, tables, and citations styles.

BLOCKED	Submit electronic text preferably as Microsoft Word files and illustrations as TIFF files at 1200 dpi for line art and 600 dpi for halftone and color images.

BLOCKED	Manuscripts (including illustrations) must be submitted as electronic files to the Senior Editor [wiblej@carnegiemnh.org]

BLOCKED	Reprints and Other Chargeable Costs [...] Authors must purchase their own separates, but will be provided with a PDF file of their publication for free. Authors and curators may order these reprints at the proof stage.

XXX	Formats for references of various kinds:

	Journal article:
	Soltis, D.E., and P.S. Soltis. 1992. The distribution of selfing rates in homosporous ferns. American Journal of Botany, 79:97-100.

	Book:
	Wilson, D.E., and D.M. Reeder (eds.). 1993. Mammal Species of the World: A Taxonomic and Geographic Reference, Second Edition. Smithsonian Institution Press, Washington, D.C.

	Chapter in edited volumes:
	Asher, R.J. 2005. Insectivoran-grade placentals. Pp. 50-70, in The Rise of Placental Mammals (K.D. Rose and J.D. Archibald, eds.). The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore.

	Dissertation:
	Rasmussen, D.L. 1977. Geology and mammalian paleontology of the Oligocene-Miocene Cabbage Patch Formation, central-western Montana. Unpublished Ph.D. Dissertation, University of Kansas, Lawrence, Kansas.

	Web site:
	Fetzner, J.W., Jr. 2008. Biodiversity Services Facility, Collection and Identification Services [cited 16 July 2008]. Available from http://iz.carnegiemnh.org/CMIC/Default.org

XXX	Figure widths are 234 points (single column) or 486 points (full page) [...]

XXX	[...] with height less than 624 points to allow for captions (e.g., a four-line captions requires 45 points, so that maximum figure height would be 579 points).

XXX	[Image caption] label font and size should be uniform for all figures in a given manuscript.

XXX	[Image caption] font should be seraph-free and when published be 3-5 mm in height (1/8 to 3/16 inch). The preferred height for letters designating separate figures is 5 mm, with 3-4 mm height for text, abbreviations, or names appearing on figures.

XXX	Line art should be scanned at 1200 ppi (pixels per inch). Halftone and color images require an input resolution of 600 dpi.

XXX	Figures must be saved as high-resolution TIFF files (not JPEG’s).

XXX	Submit images at their final size. In the case of figures intended to occupy a full page, authors should leave room for the figure legend without continuing the text onto the next page.

XXX	For digital files, please start all filenames with the name of the first author and preferably also the date (e.g., Jones30Sept05).

XXX	Include a list of all files with file name, type, and size.



;; ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
;; Local Variables:
;; eval: (visual-line-mode t)
;; eval: (adaptive-wrap-prefix-mode t)
;; eval: (set-variable 'adaptive-wrap-extra-indent 8)
;; End:
